.TH scheduled-reboot 8 "2022-09-05" "scheduled-reboot 0.20" "System Administration"
.SH NAME
scheduled-reboot \- script driven framework for automated reboots
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B scheduled-reboot
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B scheduled-reboot
is a helper script intended to be invoked from cron or a systemd timer. It
executes optional site provided scripts, performs package upgrades when
configured to do so, and reboots the system in a controlled manner.
.PP
The behaviour of the script is governed by
.I /etc/default/scheduled-reboot
which defines whether automated reboots are enabled, where log files are
written and who receives notification e\-mails.
.SH CONFIGURATION
The default configuration file ships with the package and documents all
available settings:
.TP
.B scheduled_reboots_disabled
Boolean toggle to inhibit reboots.
.TP
.B email_when_disabled
Send a reminder e\-mail when a reboot was skipped due to the toggle.
.TP
.B upgrade_at_shutdown
Perform a full package upgrade before rebooting.
.TP
.B mailto
Space separated list of addresses that receive any generated e\-mails.
.TP
.B scripts_dir
Base directory holding
.I pre\-reboot,
.I on\-pre\-reboot\-failure
and
.I post\-reboot
script directories.
.TP
.B logs_dir
Directory used for runtime log files.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/bin/scheduled-reboot
Main script performing the reboot workflow.
.TP
.I /usr/local/bin/post-reboot
Invoked after boot via
.IR post-reboot.service .
.TP
.I /etc/default/scheduled-reboot
Configuration file read by both scripts.
.TP
.I /etc/scheduled-reboot/pre-reboot/
Optional scripts executed before the reboot.
.TP
.I /etc/scheduled-reboot/on-pre-reboot-failure/
Scripts run if a pre\-reboot script fails.
.TP
.I /etc/scheduled-reboot/post-reboot/
Scripts run once the system has booted again.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR systemctl (1),
.BR cron (8)
.SH AUTHOR
Kodiak Firesmith <firesmith@protonmail.com>
